[Autogenerated] in this clip will look at the notifications area in Windows 10.
The notification area refers to the region located to the
extreme right end of our task for when we have a display
at the bottom of our display.
Depending on your device and the software you've installed,
you'll see important icons here that will indicate
status and present useful information, such as the date and time,
as well as battery and network status.
The notifications area includes both my guns that are
visible as well as some that are hidden Now.
Hit icons are generally only visible wings.
Select this small show hidden icons tool.
You'll see some system icons that could be related to anti virus protection
USB usage as well as notification icons for other soft.
But that you may have installed over time.
Understand makes good use of the small space down here.
While hidden icons are kept out of you mainly to minimize clutter,
they can become visible at times when they you have
useful or relevant information for you,
such as a matter that needs your attention,
perhaps related to a virus or malware incident.
Also, it's good to understand that the icon juicy will reflect your hardware.
For example, a desktop computer will not display,
and battery indicator by default in a laptop may have
a Nikon freezing the touch pad.
You can use the icons of the notification to quickly see important information.
Take some actions or to open the related settings or application.
For example.
The network I can hear lets me see that I have a connection
to a network using an Ethernet cable.
A WiFi connection would appear slightly different.
Also, there's no badges here on the icon that would indicate problems.
An exclamation point or read acts, for example, and hovering over.
The icon confirms that I have a connection with Internet access.
Right click in the icon gives me a context menu,
and most icons here will have some type of context menu with
options for that particular application or system.
In this case, the network I kind gives me options to troubleshoot problems,
or I can launch the networking Internet settings,
which is actually part of the settings out.
The notification area also includes the action center,
and we're gonna look at the action center in more detail.
Another clips well, the specific icons that you will see in your notification.
Air will vary from one device to another.
You can also manage the icons that appear here and even remove
icons that you don't want to see in another clip.
We're gonna look closer at the options you have related to
your notification area and how you can manage the contents
of this notification area.
This clip we've looked at using the notification eri you for watching, and I look forward to seeing you in the next clip.